applicaiton supports specifying different versions of Definition (#1597)
oam-dev/kubevela: docs/en/platform-engineers/definition-revision.md

---

> title:  Specify Definition Revision

Reviewer: the docs should stand on the end user side.

spec:
  workload:
    definition:
      apiVersion: batch/v1
      kind: Job
  schematic:
    cue:
      template: |
        output: {
          apiVersion: "batch/v1"
            kind:       "Job"
            spec: {
              parallelism: 1
                completions: 1
                template: spec: {
                  restartPolicy	: "Never"
                    containers: [{
                      name:  context.name
                        image: parameter.image
                        if parameter["cmd"] != _|_ {
                        command: parameter.cmd
                      }
                    }]
                }
            }
        }
        parameter: {
          image: string
          cmd?: [...string]
        }
```

```shell
kubectl apply -f worker.yaml
```

We can see there is a DefinitionRevision used to record the snapshot information of the current Definition.

```shell
$ kubectl get componentdefinition                            
NAME     WORKLOAD-KIND   DESCRIPTION
worker   Job             Describes long-running, scalable, containerized services that running at backend. They do NOT have network endpoint to receive external network traffic.

> $ kubectl get definitionrevision               

Reviewer: add label

Reviewer: -l name=worker -l type=Component

NAME        REVISION   HASH               TYPE
worker-v1   1          76486234845427dc   Component
```

> After a period of time, we want to use `Deployment` as the workload of the `worker`. Then we update the ComponentDefinition `worker`.

Reviewer: The example is not true, the real case could be expose more Parameters

```shell
$ kubectl get definitionrevision
NAME        REVISION   HASH               TYPE
worker-v1   1          76486234845427dc   Component
worker-v2   2          cb22fdc3b037702e   Component

$ kubectl get configmap          
NAME               DATA   AGE
schema-worker      1      6m32s
schema-worker-v1   1      6m31s
schema-worker-v2   1      35s
```

## Specify Definition Version in Application

We can specify the Component to use a specific version of the Definition in the Application,
If no special declaration is made, the app will use the latest Definition to render the Component.

```yaml
# app.yaml
apiVersion: core.oam.dev/v1beta1
kind: Application
metadata:
  name: worker-app
spec:
  components:
    - name: backend
      type: worker
      properties:
        image: busybox
        cmd:
          - sleep
          - '1000'
```

```shell
kubectl apply -f app.yaml
```

After apply the `app.yaml`, we can see that the resources `Deployment` is generated.

```shell
$ kubectl get deployment
NAME      READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
backend   1/1     1            1           8s
```

> Sometimes the latest Definition may be unstable, so we want to use the v1 version of the worker to render the Component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes the latest Definition may not meet the user's requirement, so we want to use some old version like `v1` of the worker to render the Component.
```

we can specify the version of Definition in format `definitionName@version`.

```yaml
# app.yaml
apiVersion: core.oam.dev/v1beta1
kind: Application
metadata:
  name: worker-app
spec:
  components:
    - name: backend

>       type: worker@v1

Reviewer: We should add application webhook to check if the version exist.

      properties:
        image: busybox
        cmd:
          - sleep
          - '1000'
```

```shell
kubectl apply -f app.yaml
```

After updating the Application `worker-app`.
We can see that vela uses the v1 version of the worker to render the Component and generates `Job` resources.

```shell
$ kubectl get jobs.batch
NAME      COMPLETIONS   DURATION   AGE

> backend   0/1           3m36s      3m36s

Reviewer: use pod
